##Request for Quotation (RFQ) 
March 30th, 2016
In Reply Refer To: ID09160019

From: Renee M. Hicks, Senior Contracting Officer, GSA, Federal
Acquisition Service Subject: Request for Quotation (RFQ)

Reply By: April 8, 2016 at 1 PM (PT)

To: Agile Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) Pool 3 Holders,

1.  The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA), Federal Acquisition Service (FAS), Acquisition Operations Division (AOD), Pacific Rim Region, hereby issues this Request for Quotation (RFQ) on behalf of the GSA Office of Citizen Services and Innovative Technologies, 18F to procure the services listed in the attached Performance Work Statement (PWS).

This solicitation will be accomplished using the terms and conditions of
the Agile BPA, awarded under the GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS), also
known as Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) contract, Schedule 70, General
Purpose Commercial Information Technology Equipment, Software, and
Services, under Special Item Number (SIN) 132 51, Information Technology
Professional Services.

The Government intends to utilize **oral presentations** and a
multiphased approach for this procurement summarized below (Refer to
Section 9.0 of the RFQ for further details):

Phase 1: Compliance Check

Phase 2: Review of Written Technical Quotations and Oral Presentations

Offerors that are considered in Phase 2 will be notified of the time,
date, and location of the oral presentations. Refer to Attachment 2,
Oral Presentations Instructions, for further details.

Questions or comments regarding this RFQ shall be submitted as issues
within the BPA GitHuB repository at
https://github.com/18F/bpa-fedramp-dashboard no later than April 1, 2016
at 6:00 PM (PST), to allow the Government sufficient time to respond.
All questions and comments will be publicly available. Please subscribe
to the repository if your firm would like updates about changes and
comments. Questions or comments received after the required deadline
will not be answered.

All offers must be received electronically through the e-Buy web portal
by the official closing date and time of April 8, 2016 at 1:00 PM (PST).
Late quotations will not be considered for award. It is each Offeror’s responsibility to learn how
to navigate the e-Buy system, find attached documents, and/or submit
their quotation. If an offeror is unsure about any eBuy feature, the
offeror is instructed to contact the eBuy help desk and/or search the
eBuy web portal for the appropriate assistance.

**REMINDER**: In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agile
BPA, if a BPA holder does not intend to submit a quotation for a task
order under the BPA, the BPA holder shall place a “No Quote” in eBuy and
shall include a brief explanation as to the reason for “No Quote”.

1.  The resultant task order will be issued and administered via GSA’s AAS Business Systems Portal (also knowns as IT Solutions Shop (ITSS)). Please ensure your firm and points of contact are registered in this system and that your registration includes your FSS contract number and BPA number. Please go to https://portal.fas.gsa.gov/web/guest for registration information and to verify your account is active and current. Failure to be registered or have an active account will result in a delay in the award or no award.

2.  Period of Performance. The anticipated period of performance begins on the date of the Post Award Conference and ends 60 calendar days after the Post Award Conference.

3.  Type of Contract. The Government contemplates award of a firm fixed price task order.

4.  Please submit your quotation in accordance with the instructions specified in this RFQ letter and the terms and conditions of your BPA and prices contained therein. Please ensure that your response includes all requested information and that your technical response clearly demonstrates your company’s capability to perform the objectives and requirements specified in the PWS. The Government intends to award based on initial offers. Therefore, it is critical that you are fully responsive to the solicitation and submit your best offer initially.

5.  Special Instructions

a.  Quotations shall be formatted for viewing/printing using 8.5 by 11 inch paper size, single sided, and in a common format. Information provided in the quotation shall be concise, specific, and complete.

b.  The technical quotation (including “Attachment”) **must be included in a separate document** from the price quotation to facilitate an independent evaluation. Your technical quotation shall not exceed a total of 5 pages. Offerors are instructed to include documents excluded from the 5-page limitation as an appendix/attachment to the technical quotation. Offerors that exceed the page limitations as specified herein will not be considered for award.

c.  Quotation Validation Date. Quotation must be valid for at least 45 calendar days after quotation response date.

d.  Communications Prior to Award. The offeror shall direct all communications to the Contracting Officer. Communications with other officials may compromise the competitiveness of this acquisition and result in removal of th offeror from award consideration or cancellation of this requirement.

1.  Quotation Instructions Potential Organizational Conflicts of Interest Statement. The offero shall submit a signed Potential Organizational Conflict of Interes Statement in accordance with Section 5.9.1 of the PWS if the offero has any potential organization conflicts of interest. Organizationa Conflicts of Interest Statements *are not* considered part of you technical quotation. It should be included as an “Attachment” to you technical quotation and thus, *shall not* be included as part of you 5-page technical quotation. **If the offeror does have any potentia organizational conflicts of interest, the offeror shall indicate so i their quotation.* Technical Quotation. The Government intends to utilize ora presentations for this procurement. Therefore, aspects of your writte technical quotation shall only include the information outlined below:

a.  Cover Page. Your technical quotation must include a cover page that includes the company name, company address, State Federal Tax Identification (TIN) and Dun and Bradstreet (DUNS) number(s), FSS 70 contract number, BPA number, and points of contact with telephone number, facsimile number, and email address. In most instances, the cover page shall be no more than one (1) page. Your cover page is not included as part of your 5-page limitation.

b.  Staffing Plan. The offeror shall submit a Staffing Plan which describes the Offeror’s understanding of the requirements and details the number of personnel by skill level/labor category needed to satisfy the objectives and requirements of the PWS. All proposed skill levels/labor categories shall be consistent with your BPA. At a minimum, provide:

-   An introduction that describes your staffing methodology based on your understanding of the requirements. Refer to the Section 5.7.3 of the PWS for the Government’s estimated level of effort.

-   A breakdown of labor categories, including the title, number of personnel, and hours.

-   Key personnel. The offeror shall provide a list of key personnel by name, title, contact information, proposed duties and roles, and resumes for each proposed key personnel in accordance with Section 5.7.2 of the PWS. Resumes should include a description of the experience and capability for all key personnel proposed for the Offeror’s project team. Resumes should also address the individual’s technical background, education, work experience, and accomplishments related to the activities described in the attached PWS.

The proposal of any key personnel not currently employed by the offeror
or teaming partners shall be accompanied by letters of intent signed by
proposed key personnel in accordance with Section 5.7.2 of the PWS.

-   Resumes and letters of intent are not included as part of your 5- page limitation.

-   A description of any Contractor Teaming Arrangements CTAs/subcontractor arrangements, including names, addresses, and points of contact. Please note that CTAs and subcontractor arrangement are not the same. The quotation shall clearly identify if the offeror is proposing a CTA or subcontractor arrangement, all team members, business size of each team member, and the services provided by each team member. **If the offeror is not proposing any CTAs/subcontractor arrangements, the offeror shall indicate so in their staffing plan.** d\. Similar Experience. The offeror shall provide short summaries of tw (2) front-end dashboards that have been delivered for previous clients The summaries shall describe what frameworks and libraries were used i building the dashboard and why they best suited the user story. Th projects must have been delivered by either a) the Offeror, b) a teamin partner that is proposed in response to this RFQ, and/or c) a ke personnel that is being proposed in response to this RFQ. In the projec summary, please identify how the offeror’s team was involved in th development. The summary shall include links to the public Gi repository that includes the source code that was developed and accepte for the project. Actual access to a publicly available Git repository i considered more responsive than screenshots of private repositories. Th summary should also include live links of the final product or curren staging environment. If live links are not available, screenshots can b provided, along with a brief explanation as to why the project is n longer live The projects should be recent and similar to the size and technica scope of this requirement Recent, similar size, and technical scope are defined below *Similar Size*: Similar size is equal to or greater than four (4) t five (5) Full Time Equivalent (FTE) staff having performed on  project with a period of performance of two (2) months or more *Recent and Similar Technical Scope*: Recent and similar technica scope is past experience with building usable, responsive, publi dashboards to share public data, built within the past three (3 years \* The projects submitted for Similar Experience are included as par of your 5-page limitation **NOTE**: Quotations that fail to include any of the items identifie above will not be considered for award. Inclusion of caveats assumptions, or exceptions to the requirement of any kind, in any par of the quotation, will result in the quotation no longer bein considered for award *Price Quotation*. The Government hereby seeks further pric reductions and Most Favored Customer (MFC) pricing for all price services. Provide your best discounted rates. The offeror shall submi a SEPARATE price quotation that includes the following:

a.  Pricing Narrative. The pricing narrative should describe your basis of pricing for the required services and other costs used in the development of the proposed pricing. The pricing narrative should also indicate if any additional discount off your BPA are offered.

a.  Pricing Schedule. Include a pricing schedule utilizing Attachment 3, Pricing Template. All proposed labor rates shall be consistent with your BPA rates and must be fully burdened (inclusive of profit, fringe benefits, salary, indirect rates, and the GSA Contract Access Fee (CAF)) and should be in accordance with the terms and conditions of your BPA.


1.  Basis of Award and Evaluation Criteria

This procurement is being conducted in accordance with FAR Subpart 8.4,
Federal Supply Schedules. This is not a FAR Part 15, Contracting by
Negotiation, procurement. All contractor submissions in response to this
RFQ are considered quotations and not proposals or offers, even if
labeled as such. The offerors agree to and are bound by all
instructions, procedures and rules of this RFQ. The Government is not
obligated to determine a competitive range, conduct discussions, solicit
final revised quotations, and use other techniques associated with FAR
part 15. The contracting techniques associated with FAR Part 15 do not
apply.

Award will be made to the responsible offeror whose quotation conforms
to the RFQ and is determined to provide the best value to the
Government, considering the evaluation factors outlined below. The
non-cost/price evaluation factors, when combined, are significantly more
important than cost/price. However, as technical ratings become more
equal, price will increase in importance in the award decision. Based on
a “best value” determination, utilizing the trade-off process, the
Government may make the award to the offeror submitting other than the
lowest priced quotation or offeror submitting a quotation with other
than the highest technical merit..

Technical
---------

The Government shall evaluate the requirements for an Offeror’s
performance or capability acceptability based on the following non-price
technical factors which are of equal importance to each other.

-   Technical Understanding and Approach

-   Key Personnel

-   Similar Experience

Price
-----

Each Offeror’s price quotation will be evaluated separately from the
technical quotation. The Government will evaluate the Offeror’s proposed
price to ensure that the offered price is fair, reasonable, and
realistic. Pricing shall reflect reasonableness, consistency with
industry standards, and be in compliance with rates and terms and
conditions of the BPA.

1.  Evaluation Process

The Government intends to utilize a multiphased approach for this
procurement described below.

Phase 1: Compliance Check. The Contracting Officer will review all
offers to ensure compliance with the instructions and requirements set
forth in the solicitation. Offerors that are not compliant with the
solicitation will not be considered in the next phase.

Phase 2: Review of Written Technical Quotations and Oral Presentations.
The Offeror’s written technical quotation and responses to questions
asked during the Oral Presentations will be evaluated based on an
assessment by the Government technical evaluation team of their
strengths, weaknesses, and risks associated with the technical factors
described above. After each oral presentation, the evaluation team will
assess the technical merits of their proposal and select the vendor that
demonstrates, in GSA's determination, the greatest understanding of the
Government's requirements as described in the PWS, has the proper mix of
technical expertise to satisfy the requirements, and does not exhibit
weaknesses that would affect the vendor's ability to satisfy the
requirements.

Following the technical evaluations, price will be introduced and a best
value decision will be made in accordance with Section 8 above. The Government does not intend to use any adjectival ratings for thi procurement and will provide a brief explanation in accordance wit FAR 8.405-2(d) to unsuccessful offerors upon timely request.

1.  Contract Clauses Incorporated By Reference FAR 52.227-17 Rights in Data -- Special Works DEC 2007

1.  Contract Clauses Incorporated in Full Text

a.  FAR 52.252-1 -- SOLICITATION PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998)

This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by
reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full
text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text
available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may
include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with
its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those
provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph
identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or
offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed
electronically at this/these address(es):
<http://farsite.hill.af.mil/vffara.h

(End of Provision)

a.  FAR 52.252-2 -- CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998)

This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the
same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request,
the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the
full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these
address(es):
[http://farsite.hill.af.mil/vffara.htm.](http://farsite.hill.af.mil/vffara.htm) (End of clause)

a.  FAR 52.203-98 -- PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH ENTITIES THAT REQUIRE CERTAIN INTERNAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS-REPRESENTATION (DEVIATION 2015-02) (APR 2015)

(a) In accordance with section 743 of Division E, Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Resolution Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235), Government agencies are not permitted to use funds appropriated (or otherwise made available) under that or any other Act for contracts with an entity that requires employees or subcontractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or subcontractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement representative of a Federal department or agency authorized to receive such information.

(b) The prohibition in paragraph (a) of this provision does not contravene requirements applicable to Standard Form 312, Form 4414, or any other form issued by a Federal department or agency governing the nondisclosure of classified information.

(c) Representation. By submission of its offer, the Offeror represents that it does not require employees or subcontractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or subcontractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement representative of a Federal department or agency authorized to receive such information. (End of provision)

a.  FAR 52.203-99 -- PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH ENTITIES THAT REQUIRE CERTAIN INTERNAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS (DEVIATION 2015-02) (APR 2015)

(a) The Contractor shall not require employees or subcontractors seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign or comply with internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or subcontractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement representative of a Federal department or agency authorized to receive such information.

(b) The contractor shall notify employees that the prohibitions and restrictions of any internal confidentiality agreements covered by this provision are no longer in effect.

(c) The prohibition in paragraph (a) of this clause does not contravene requirements applicable to Standard Form 312, Form 4414, or any other form issued by a Federal department or agency governing the nondisclosure of classified information.

    1.  In accordance with section 743 of Division E, Title VII, of the
 Consolidated and Further Continuing Resolution Appropriations
 Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235), use of funds appropriated (or
 otherwise made available) under that or any other Act may be prohibited, if the Government determines that th Contractor is not in compliance with the provisions of this clause.

1.  The Government may seek any available remedies in the event the recipient fails to comply with the provisions of this clause. 

(End of clause Approved by Digitally signed by RENEE HICKS)

Attachments

1.  PWS

2.  QASP

3.  Government Roles and Responsibilities

4.  Oral Presentations Instructions

5.  Pricing Template


